[Music]
how lovely to come home to this
wonderful
indulgent chocolate pudding with an even
richer chocolate sauce
it's so simple to make just throw
everything
into a bowl two large eggs
125 grams of baking spread
and caster sugar 25 grams of cocoa
powder
100 grams of self-raising flour and some
vanilla extract
so one teaspoon like that
and now with an electric hand mixer i'm
going to bring it all together
it's all one chocolatey color even if
you
never made puddings you've got to admit
that's pretty easy
my simple trick for turning it out later
is to butter the bowl and
lay in a square of baking parchment
just put dollop fulls one after another
to do
got a clean bowl making puddings
reminds me of being very young and
helping
all one waited for was to get to the
bowl before my brothers
for a good lick cover with some pleated
foil and it's ready to steam
i've got another nifty trick to help
lift out the bowl
later if you get a bit of foil and then
fold that in three put that like that
and then i can easily lift that over
fill the pan so the water comes halfway
up the pudding bowl
and steam on a gentle simmer for an hour
and three quarters what
i hear you cry not enough chocolate
well here's the simplest sauce i know
heat 150 ml of milk and the same amount
of double cream
and break up 300 grams of dark chocolate
i have a husband who can find chocolate
anywhere you could call him a chocoholic
so i always have a secret supply in the
drawer with my tights
then i know i've always got some when
the cream and milk
is bubbling at the edges take it off the
heat
and then add all the chocolate at one go
[Music]
let it melt and voila that will just
pour over the pudding
there's plenty there for everybody even
my husband
now that pudding should be ready there
we are
my little handles will
fingers crossed that's it
i'm quite pleased with that all it needs
now
is that hot chocolate sauce
here goes
[Music]
it looks a bit of all right doesn't it
my steamed chocolate pudding smothered
in
creamy chocolate sauce easy to make
and even easier to eat
i don't think anyone could say no to
this it is
absolutely beautiful
[Music]
you